iOS Script
Pre requisite
1) Install Homebrew
Homebrew is a package management software that will make it much simpler for us to install a few other software.

2) Install Carthage
Carthage is a dependency manager. In our case, it is required by WebDriverAgent.

3) Install Node & NPM
Node is a javascript run-time environment and npm is the node package manager. We need these because Appium is a node application.

4) Install JDK and set JAVA_HOME
As we’ll be writing our tests in Java, we need the Java Development Kit (JDK)

5) Install Xcode and Simulators
Launch the Mac AppStore and download/install Xcode.

6) Install authorize-ios
authorize-ios is a little utility that pre-authorizes Instruments to run UIAutomation scripts against iOS devices. You need this utility to run tests on real devices

7) Install ios-deploy
ios-deploy is a small utility to install and debug iPhone apps from the command line, without using Xcode.

😎 Install ideviceinstaller
ideviceinstaller is a tool to interact with the installation_proxy
of an iOS device allowing to install, upgrade, uninstall, archive, restore
and enumerate installed or archived apps. You also need this utility to run tests on real devices.

9) Install ios_webkit_debug_proxy
Appium uses this tool to access web views on real iOS devices. In terminal, run the following command

10) Install Appium
Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. It drives iOS, Android and Windows mobile apps using the WebDriver protocol.

11) Install Appium Doctor
Appium doctor is a mini software that checks all (well, almost all) of the preconditions for appium to run successfully.

12) Install Maven
Maven is a tool used for building and managing Java-based projects.

13) Install Eclipse
Eclipse is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) that we are going to use to write, compile and run our test scripts.

14) Install TestNG
TestNG is a testing framework that we’ll be using to manage our automated test suite.

currently i am checking with avadhoot and we are able to launch mobile on appium but getting error while opening as Error: "Unable to launch WebDriver agent"